Update readme (#504)
swup/swup: readme.md

<br>

<p align="center">
  <img width="280" alt="swup" src="https://swup.js.org/assets/images/swup-logo.svg">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/swup"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/swup.svg" alt="npm version"></a>
  <a href="https://bundlephobia.com/package/swup"><img src="https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/swup.svg" alt="Bundle size"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/gmrchk/swup/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/gmrchk/swup.svg" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/swup"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/swup.svg" alt="npm downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/swup/swup"><img src="https://circleci.com/gh/swup/swup.svg?style=shield" alt="Build status"></a>
</p>

<br>

# Swup

> Complete, flexible, extensible and easy to use page transition library for your static website.

Reviewer: Now that I read that part that I wrote myself, the "static" keyword is a bit misleading, since Swup supports dynamic web as well. Your description with server-side rendered is much better!

```suggestion
Complete, flexible, extensible, and easy-to-use page transition library for your server-side rendered website.
```
